Okay, so it looks like whenever I join the lobby, a couple things are happening. One, when I change the settings from the default settings, after a period of time it reverts back to the default settings. Two, I also notice in that same period of time of which it reverts, it seems like the lobby itself is refreshing. And put it in a weird state to where I'm no longer actually in the room myself, however when I look at the active lobbies in the multiplayer lobby page, the room is listed with 11 players out of 4. See the screenshot for further context on what I mean. But it looks like every time it's refreshing, it's reseeding the player and not removing or checking their actual game state. So it's kind of old information that it's not being cleared out. Do whatever you have to do to implement internal logging for yourself to understand what is going on in regard to this process. So that one, the settings, when they're changed, are updated for all parties involved, visually, in real-time. So that means there has to be a logic process flow that is in place where the state of the game setting is received by the host when they change it, and then that game state is then immediately pushed to all other players in that lobby, and then also for the view of the active lobbies card for that lobby, if it's listed. And again, just to reemphasize, there also needs to be debugging or internal logging of some sort that you can implement for yourself so that we can troubleshoot why the game lobby seems to be refreshing, adding or re-adding players, and then not removing them or presenting accurate game state information for that player. Right now it shows 11 out of 4, and there's literally nobody in that lobby. Do what you have to do. Implement the debugging, the logging of every step, so we know exactly what's happening, so we can fix this really quickly. I don't want to guess, I don't want to poke and play different code changes. Let's get to the bottom of this, let's understand the logic flow, and troubleshoot why it's not operating as it should.