Ok, another major logic flow we will need to add:

For multiplayer games, when your at the page to "Choose Your Stake"
1) You should be able to create a game lobby session for others to join OR join a game lobby already created for that stake bracket, if one exists.
    1a) if you create a game lobby, you get the crown, to manage the settings for that game session: (total players, total rounds), and then once your ready, you can publish the lobby for others to join, or keep it private and invite friends.
        1aa) there should be a mechanism that checks for idle crowned lobby managers, if a crowned lobby manager is idle for more than 4 minutes, they should get the option to acknowledge if they are still there, if after 1 minute the crowned lobby manager has not acknowledged they are still there, remove them from the lobby session, if they are the only player in that lobby, close that lobby session to free memory and not have rogue empty lobbys.
        1ab) there should be a mechanism that prevents a crowned lobby manager from changing the player count or round limit once they have published thier lobby for others to join, this way it prevent catching other players in the lobby of gaurd to a setting they did not sign up for.
        1ac) if the crowned lobby manager leaves the room with other players still in the lobby, automatically promote the next player to the crowned lobby manager.
            1aca) if the crowned lobby manager leaves the room, and there are no other players in the lobby, immediately close that lobby session to free memory and not have rogue empty lobbys.
    1b) if you decide to join a game lobby already created, you should be able to select from the currently available lobbys with open seats which one you want to join.
        1ba) the list of available lobbys should display a visual for the amount of players needed, and the rounds selected by the crowned lobby manager.
    1c) once a game lobby match has officially started, if a player leaves, that player cannot return, and that player who left is replaced by an AI players that autoplays the rest of their game.
        1ca) The player that left is always penalized 50% of their buy in stake.
        1cb) The player that left also does not get their initial buy in stake back.